"Bitcoin is the most important invention in the history of the world since the Internet." - Roger Ver
"The computer can be used as a tool to liberate and protect people, rather than to control them." - Hal Finney
"The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks." - Bitcoin Blockchain
"I think that the Internet is going to be one of the major forces for reducing the role of government." - Milton Friedman
"A blockchain is a chain of blocks." Peter Todd
"Bitcoin is the currency of resistance." - Max Keiser
"The Federal Reserve simply does not have authority to supervise or regulate Bitcoin in any way..." - Janet Yellen
"A value is valuable when the value of value is valuable to oneself." - Dayananda Saraswati
"If you don't believe it or don't get it, I don't have the time to try to convince you, sorry." - Satoshi Nakamoto
"In retrospect, it was inevitable" - Elon Musk
"So bitcoin is cyber snob currency" - William Shatner
"Bitcoin is the currency of resistance" - Max Keiser
"Cryptocurrency is such a powerful concept that it can almost overturn governments" - Charles Lee
"Bitcoin will do to banks what email did to the postal industry" - Rick Falkvinge
"You can't stop things like Bitcoin. It will be everywhere and the world will have to readjust. World governments will have to readjust" - John McAfee
"The swarm is headed towards us" - Satoshi Nakamoto, when WikiLeaks started accepting Bitcoin donation
"There are 3 eras of currency: Commodity based, politically based, and now, math based" - Chris Dixon
"Don't care" - Honey Badger
"Bitcoin may be the TCP/IP of money" - Paul Buchheit
"Bitcoin actually has the balance and incentives center, and that is why it is starting to take off" - Julian Assange
"Bitcoin is the beginning of something great: a currency without a government, something necessary and imperative" - Nassim Taleb
"I think the internet is going to be one of the major forces for reducing the role of government. The one thing that's missing but that will soon be developed, is a reliable e-cash" - Milton Friedman
"It's money 2.0, a huge huge huge deal" - Chamath Palihapitiya

